engine: add troubleshooting for managed ifaces (#19765)
docker/docs: content/config/daemon/troubleshoot.md

files under `/etc/systemd/network`:

1. Create `/etc/systemd/network/docker.network` with the following contents:

   ```ini
   # Ensure that the Docker interfaces are un-managed

   [Match]
   Name=docker0 br-* veth*

   [Link]
   Unmanaged=yes

   ```

2. Reload the configuration.

   ```console
   $ sudo systemctl restart systemd-networkd
   ```

3. Restart the Docker daemon.

   ```console
   $ sudo systemctl restart docker
   ```

4. Verify that the Docker interfaces have the `unmanaged` state.

   ```console
   $ networkctl
   ```

{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Prevent Netplan from overriding network configuration

On systems that use [Netplan](https://netplan.io/) through
[`cloud-init`](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html), you may
need to apply a custom configuration to prevent `netplan` from overriding the
network manager configuration:

1. Follow the steps in [Un-manage Docker interfaces](#un-manage-docker-interfaces)
   for creating the network manager configuration.
2. Create a `netplan` configuration file under `/etc/netplan/50-cloud-init.yml`.

   The following example configuration file is a starting point.

>    Make sure to adjust configuration match the interfaces you want to un-manage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Adjust it to match the interfaces you want to un-manage.
```

```console
$ sudo apt-get remove netscript-2.4
```

#### Un-manage Docker interfaces

In some cases, the network manager will attempt to manage Docker interfaces by
default. You can try to explicitly flag Docker networks as un-managed by
editing your system's network configuration settings.

{{< tabs >}}
{{< tab name="NetworkManager" >}}

If you're using `NetworkManager`, edit your system network configuration under
`/etc/network/interfaces`

1. Create a file at `/etc/network/interfaces.d/20-docker0` with the following
   contents:

   ```text
   iface docker0 inet manual
   ```

   Note that this example configuration only "un-manages" the default `docker0`
   bridge, not custom networks.

2. Restart `NetworkManager` for the configuration change to take effect.

   ```console
   $ systemctl restart NetworkManager
   ```

3. Verify that the `docker0` interface has the `unmanaged` state.

   ```console
   $ nmcli device
   ```

{{< /tab >}}
{{< tab name="systemd-networkd" >}}

If you're running Docker on a system using `systemd-networkd` as a networking
daemon, configure the Docker interfaces as un-managed by creating configuration
files under `/etc/systemd/network`:

> 1. Create `/etc/systemd/network/docker0.network` with the following contents:
> 
>    ```ini
>    # Ensure that the 'docker0' interface is un-managed
>    
>    [Match]  
>    Name=docker0
>    
>    [Link]
>    Unmanaged=yes
>    ```
> 
> 2. Create `/etc/systemd/network/dockerbridge.network` with the following contents:
> 
>    ```ini
>    # Ensure that the docker interfaces 'br-' are un-managed
>    
>    [Match]  
>    Name=br-*
>    
>    [Link]
>    Unmanaged=yes
>    ```
> 
> 3. Create `/etc/systemd/network/veth.network` with the following contents:
> 
>    ```ini
>    # Ensure that veth interfaces are un-managed
>    
>    [Match]  
>    Driver=veth*
>    
>    [Link]
>    Unmanaged=yes
>    ```

Reviewer 2: https://www.freedesktop.org/software/systemd/man/latest/systemd.network.html#Name=

> A whitespace-separated list of shell-style globs matching the device name ...

```suggestion
1. Create `/etc/systemd/network/docker.network` with the following contents:

   ```ini
   # Ensure that the Docker interfaces are un-managed
   
   [Match]  
   Name=docker0 br-* veth*
   
   [Link]
   Unmanaged=yes
   ```
```

Author: thank you 😅

4. Reload the configuration.

   ```console
   $ sudo systemctl restart systemd-networkd
   ```

5. Restart the Docker daemon.

   ```console
   $ sudo systemctl restart docker
   ```

6. Verify that the Docker interfaces have the `unmanaged` state.

   ```console
   $ networkctl
   ```

{{< /tab >}}
{{< /tabs >}}

### Prevent Netplan from overriding network configuration

On systems that use [Netplan](https://netplan.io/) through
[`cloud-init`](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html), you may
need to apply a custom configuration to prevent `netplan` from overriding the
network manager configuration:

1. Follow the steps in [Un-manage Docker interfaces](#un-manage-docker-interfaces)
   for creating the network manager configuration.
2. Create a `netplan` configuration file under `/etc/netplan/50-cloud-init.yml`
   with the following contents:

   ```yaml
   network:
    ethernets:
        all:
            dhcp4: true
            dhcp6: true
            match:

>                 name: en*

Reviewer 3: I think it's a bit dangerous to tell people to use this match filter. If, for some reasons, their interfaces start with a different prefix, netplan will ignore them. This could lead to connectivity issues.

Instead, I think we should give that as an example but put a comment signaling that the `en*` filter has to be replaced with whatever makes sense (eg. `eth*`).

Author: Cheers - I have updated the prose and added a comment about this. PTAL!
